that deeply disappoints me not being able to
celebrate the great night of howard and am and
We'll see you tomorrow, it's all
these years of close friendship I have never
I had the opportunity to express my
admiration
and I was looking forward to see the face that he put
when that happened
you are amazing I know
the dictionary and we form teams that
every boys against girls and that's not me
it seems fair because I guess the
team in which I am not will have a
clear disadvantage
I repeat incredible beings I repeat I know
first round I'm good prepared
ready now
the window box
batman
batman and
the fantastic twins plus the monkey
the fantastic twins manolo and banal
of a present present
leonard as you may not get caught
that your universe is that a present is not
a present is the present
Look, it's you and me and Penn and Jamie
we are playing pine forest myself in the
I presented
let's crush
it's plasma gluon quarks
they are not factors in synthetic freedom
plasma within a course
nothing of quarks
is an observational replica of the model
lambda cdm of the universe
how could it fail to hear if you want
someone guess that's a cookie
of chocolate draws a glass of milk
a side
come and clear right after that
I will eliminate the obvious answers from
nothing
chorizo sausages
hot
come and you will not draw anything quiet
there is time this is fun
the solar system is already
[Music]
already
Come on Leonard, I'm putting it
suck
I dont know
kasper the alcoholic ghost
enough
by hand the wing
[Applause]
do not
the word is Polish Polish sausage the
solar system model developed by
nicolás copérnico an astronomer of
descent and if it was not enough
that should be, Madame Curie lost the
life discovering the radius although it
had nationalized French was Polish
of birth
excuse me in the word slack sometimes
no pop
It is true
I guess it's the fault of both